wild colors Gordon's flavored tobacco
Gordon smarter than he looks left from
the trail to follow
Oracle I found a pipe it has your
father's initials carved on it exactly
he's left me a trail to follow
he's a live Barbara
Batman what's going on the crazies are
moving towards the medical facility
what's Joker doing he's trying to take
over the island piece by piece it looks
like medical is his next target as
anyone got out of the building I saw a
doctor try and get out he was torn apart
throw it in the water he never stood a
chance you wait here I'll be back
where's you'll have to find another way
by now
no way past the security gate got to
find another route
paging dr. that AG doctor that is a
redundant back in the room man I hate
the stink of hospitals
I don't want to worry you boys but I
think with you
wait you get out of here I don't like
this don't like this at all
the rooms clear
you're safe now I don't know what
happened one minute we were doing our
evening rounds and the next armed thugs
burst into the room and took us hostage
did they have anyone with them they took
someone into the elevator I couldn't
tell who it was they obviously didn't
want to be followed the elevator appears
to have been powered down you're going
to be okay here we'll be fine
what about the others we heard gunfire
they could be dead we should go and help
oh no I forgot
dr. Kellerman was in the patient
observation room and dr. Chen went to
surgery and dr. Jung went to x-ray okay
stay here I'll find the other doctors
Batman saved us I never really believed
he exists you okay we're safe Batman
saved us